Conventions
Request Format

Requests require the HTTP header 'Content-Type' with the value 'application/json'. In addition, all authenticated endpoints require the standard Bearer Authorization header and a valid token.

  Content-Type: application/json
  Authorization: Bearer 8s2wfclhyp5iiikowm3ocnfalt7qfl7es8xhuda3ttusslssx6c14hq7yocp62c5
POST request parameters are expected to be a JSON object in the body.

Response Format

Responses are returned as a JSON object with the following common fields:

Field	Description
response: json	JSON representing the response. May be a scalar, an array or a object depending on the specific request.
error: short-string	Short error "enum" like "not_found", "invalid_resource", "invalid_password".
error_description: long-string	Additional error information.
messages: {"field1":["problem1","problem2"],...}	Data validation issues, especially on a 422 responses.
Request Parameters

The {vehicle_tag} path parameter for device/entity/vehicle endpoints is expected to be the integer id of the record returned from the list endpoint. Example: vehicles list. For vehicle endpoints and vehicle commands, a valid VIN can be used instead of an integer id.

Response Codes

Not all possible response codes are covered in Endpoint examples. The following are common meanings of status codes. The response body is typically JSON-encoded with details in the "error" field.

Successes

Status Code	Description	Detail
200	Ok	The request was handled successfully.
201	Created	The record was created successfully.
Client Errors

Status Code	Description	Detail
400	Bad Request	
• invalid_command - The data request or command is unknown.
• invalid_field - A field in the input is not valid.
• invalid_request - The request body is not valid, a description giving a more specific error message may be returned.
• invalid_auth_code - The "code" in request body is invalid, generate a new one and try again.
• invalid_redirect_url - Invalid redirect URI/URL. The authorize redirect URI and token redirect URI must match.
• unsupported_grant_type - The grant type is invalid. Use one of: client_credentials, refresh_token, authorization_code.
• unauthorized_client - We don't recognize this client_id and client_secret combination. Use the client_id and client_secret that has been granted for the application.
401	Unauthorized	
• mobile_access_disabled - The vehicle has turned off remote access.
• no response body - The OAuth token has expired.
• login_required - The user has reset their password and a new auth code is required, the refresh_token has already been used, or the user has revoked application access.
402	Payment Required	Payment is required in order to use the API (non-free account only)
403	Forbidden	
• Access to this resource is not authorized, developers should check required scopes.
• Tesla Vehicle Command Protocol required in order to interact with the devices.
404	Not Found	The requested resource does not exist.
405	Not Allowed	The operation is not allowed.
406	Not Acceptable	The HTTP request does not have a Content-Type header set to application/json.
408	Device Not Available	If the vehicle is not "online" when a request is made.
412	Precondition Failed	A condition has not been met to process the request.
• Unregistered account - first call the partner account register endpoint.
418	Client Too Old (Not supported)	Mobile application needs to be updated (Tesla App only).
421	Incorrect region	This user is not present in the current region. See the regional requirements section for more information.
422	Invalid Resource	There is a semantic problem with the data, e.g. missing or invalid data.
• Vehicle does not yet support the Tesla Vehicle Command Protocol.
423	Locked	Account is locked, and must be unlocked by Tesla. No response body.
429	Rate limited	Account or server is rate limited. This happens when too many requests are made by an account.
• Check the 'RateLimit-Reset' or 'Retry-After' request headers to determine when to make the next request.
451	Resource Unavailable For Legal Reasons	Querying for a user/vehicle without proper privacy settings (e.g. wrong region).
499	Client Closed Request	Client has closed the request before the server could send a response.
Server Errors

Status Code	Description	Detail
500	Internal server error	An error occurred while processing the request.
503	Service Unavailable	Either an internal service or a vehicle did not respond (timeout).
504	Gateway Timeout	Server did not receive a response.
Device Errors

Status Code	Description	Detail
540	Device Unexpected response	Vehicle responded with an error - might need a reboot, OTA update, or service.
API Status

GET /status

curl 'https://fleet-api.prd.na.vn.cloud.tesla.com/status'
This endpoint returns the string "ok" if the API is operating normally. No HTTP headers are required.