Authentication
API endpoints require an authentication token. It must be included as a header:

Authorization: Bearer <token>
Token Types

There are four types of tokens, each used with a different purpose. Identifying the proper token type is important. Otherwise, the API will return unexpected responses.

Choose a token type based on use case.

Developers building closed-source software on top of Fleet API that will access user's accounts: Third-party token.
Businesses registered with Tesla for Business looking to interact with their Tesla products: Partner token.
Businesses can self-onboard to Tesla for Business by visiting the self-onboarding page.
Hobbyists looking to interact with their own Tesla products: Third-party token.
Applications authenticating on behalf of a business: Third-party for Business token.
All calls to Partner Endpoints: Partner token.
Scopes

Scopes are used to limit API access to only the data an application needs.

Name	Scope	Description
Sign in with Tesla	openid	Allow Tesla customers to sign in to the application with their Tesla credentials.
Refresh Tokens	offline_access	Allow getting a refresh token without needing user to log in again.
Profile Information	user_data	Contact information, home address, profile picture, and referral information.
Vehicle Information	vehicle_device_data	Allow access to your vehicle’s live data, service history, service scheduling data, service communications, eligible upgrades, nearby Superchargers and ownership details.
Vehicle Location	vehicle_location	Allow access to vehicle location information, including data such as precise location, and coarse location for approximate location services.
Vehicle Commands	vehicle_cmds	Commands like add/remove driver, access Live Camera, unlock, wake up, remote start, and schedule software updates.
Vehicle Charging Management	vehicle_charging_cmds	Vehicle charging history, billed amount, charging location, commands to schedule, and start/stop charging.
Energy Product Information	energy_device_data	Energy live status, site info, backup history, energy history, and charge history.
Energy Product Settings	energy_cmds	Update settings like backup reserve percent, operation mode, and storm mode.
Useful Links

The OAuth server's metadata file can be found at: https://fleet-auth.prd.vn.cloud.tesla.com/oauth2/v3/thirdparty/.well-known/openid-configuration.

A Postman collection with these requests can be found here.